# Episode 2

* type="module" cam be mentioned in the script to mention that the file is not a normal browser js and import export are allowed in the said file
* browserslist is used to configure supported browsers in package json


1. What do ~(tilda) and ^(carret) mean in package versions?
=> Tilda install the major version updates as well wherease carret only install minor updates.

2. What is "integrity" in package lock?
=> It's a sha512 key to ensure that same package version is in the prod env as in the local.

3. What is a transitive dependency?
=> Dependencies of a dependency and so on.

4. What are common bundlers?
=> webpack, parcel, vite (latest trending)

5. Some powerful packages?
=> parcel (bundler), babel, browserslist

6. Why is getting react via cdn liks is not a preferred way of doing it?
=> React can be used into a web-app in multiple ways. Two of the popular are cdn links and packages. However cdn links is usually not preferred because of the network calls and comples versioning i.e. normally versions are hard-coded into cdn links.

# Parcel
- Dev build
- Local server
- HMR - Hot Module Replacement
- HMR is enabled by File Watching Algorithm - written in C++
- Faster builds with caching mechanism
- Image optimizations
- Minification of files in prod build
- Bundling of files
- Compresses the files
- Content hashing
- Code splitting
- Differential bundling - for different browsers and their different versions
- Diagnostics
- Good error handling
- host on https - ssl
- Tree shaking - remove unused code
- Different dev and prod builds: prod builds take more time that dev because there are extra optimizations that are required for prod builds
