# Useeffect

- useEffect when called without no any dependency array will be called every time the component renders
- If there an empty = [] dependency array, the useEffect is called only on the initial render (just once)
- When something is present inside the dependency array, the useEffect is called whenever the variable is changed

## Routing

- We user react-router-dom for handling routing in react application

- react-router-dom provides {createBrowserRouter} which is used to create a router config which can then be passed to {RouterProvider} at a root render. Router config is an array of router objects usually consisting of `path`, and `element`. Where path is the URL and element is a component to be rendered. Additionally, we can use `errorElement` to display our custom error page.

- react-router-dom also provides {useRouteError} hook which provides details of the error

- we use children routes from react-router-dom to keep some of the pages in the component constant

- react-router-dom provides { Outlet } component, which is a placholder component that gets filled as per the children component based on path

- We don't normally use anchor tags to navigate in react as it refreshes the whole page. Instead, we use {Link} from react-router-dom. This just refreshes the Outlet.

- Because of this feature which let's us interchange the components within one main react page [AppLayout in out case], react applications are called Single Page Applications (SPAs). Even when we go to different pages, it's just components getting updated.

- We can use {useParams} from react-router-dom to get dynamic params from the url

## Types of Routing in web apps:

1. Client side routing:
   => SPAs: When new route is visited, just the component is replaced, and the root page remains the same. No external api call is required to be made when user navigates to the new page because we already have required compnents on the client side. We just need the data, if anything.

2. Server side routing
   => Different pages for each route. Every time we navigate to the new page, the entire page is downloaded (from server) and reloaded into the browser window. An API call is made to fetch the data from server on each navigation
